add .cmap and .norm property to plot_settings (#3624)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/3624.feature.rst

> Creates sources-specific ``.cmap`` and ``.norm`` attributes in ``sunpy.map.GenericMap.__init__``, and deprecate handling of ``.plot_settings``, while shifting it to ``peek()`` and ``show()``, so as to provide for a cleaner API.

Reviewer: This changelog type should be `removal`.
```suggestion
`sunpy.map.GenericMap.plot_settings` is now deprecated in favour of passing keyword arguments to the `sunpy.map.GenericMap.plot` method. New properties `~sunpy.map.GenericMap.cmap` and `~sunpy.map.GenericMap.norm` properties contain the source specific colormap and norm settings. These properties are settable so can be overridden.
```

> Creates sources-specific ``.cmap`` and ``.norm`` attributes in `~sunpy.map.GenericMap.__init__()`, and deprecate handling of ``.plot_settings``, while shifting it to ``peek()`` and ``show()``, so as to provide for a cleaner API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates sources-specific ``.cmap`` and ``.norm`` attributes in ``sunpy.map.GenericMap.__init__``, and deprecate handling of ``.plot_settings``, while shifting it to ``peek()`` and ``show()``, so as to provide for a cleaner API.
```
